[Logger] Added examples and reference to logging in the docs (#13607)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/19_Development_Tools_and_Details/07_Logging.md

function like this:

##### Custom log entry
To create a custom log entry, we need to create the monolog log channels and log handlers configuration. Here is an example on how to log in a custom filename called `custom.log`

```yaml
monolog:
    handlers:
        custom_handler:
            level:    debug
            type:     stream
            path:     '%kernel.logs_dir%/custom.log'
            channels: [custom_log]
    channels: [custom_log, some_other_channel]

```

> Now, when injecting the `Psr\Log\LoggerInterface` instead of using the name `$logger` like in previous examples, something like `$customLogLogger` needs to be used. Symfony will automatically figure out which channel to log into by the name of the variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to inject the `Psr\Log\LoggerInterface` by changing the variable name eg. `$customLogLogger` (camel case channel name + `Logger`) and Symfony will automatically wire the specified channel.
```

suggesting some small changes, there's no other "previous examples" on the same page, it could be that it "landed" on this page first etc...
